Create rule S6588: Use `UnixEpoch` instead of creating DateTime instances that point to the unix epoch time (#1747)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6588/impact.adoc

> Using the constructor of `DateTime` or `DateTimeOffset` and setting the time to the first of January 1970 to represent Unix epoch time can mislead the developers, as not everybody is familiar with that Unix epoch at this date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should not use the `DateTime` or `DateTimeOffset` constructor to set the time to the 1st of January 1970 to represent the beginning of the Unix epoch. Not everyone is familiar with what this particular date is representing and it can be misleading.
```
